{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\s1\b\f0\fs32 Microsoft\f1\'e2\f0  Age of Empires\f1\'e2\f0  II: The Age of Kings\f1\'e2 \f0 2.0a Readme File\par
\pard\fs24 August 2000\par
\f1\'d3\f0 Microsoft Corporation, 2000\par
\b0\fs20\par
Microsoft Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings 2.0a is an upgrade of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings 2.0 that includes several enhancements and bug fixes.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\s1\b\fs32 Contents\par
\pard\tx360\fs24 A. Version Compatibility\par
B. Balance Changes\par
C. Enhancements\par
D. Bug Fixes\par
E. Uninstalling Age of Kings 2.0a\par
\pard\fs20\par
\pard\keepn\s1\fs32 A. Version Compatibility\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
If you are playing a multiplayer game, all players must be using the same version of Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. For example, you cannot play a multiplayer game between Age of Kings 2.0 and Age of Kings 2.0a.\par
\par
Recorded games can only be played using the \b same version\b0  of Age of Kings that was used to record the game. For example, you cannot play an Age of Kings 2.0 recorded game using Age of Kings 2.0a.\par
\par
To play an Age of Kings 2.0 recorded game after installing the Age of Kings 2.0a update, you must temporarily revert to Age of Kings 2.0.\par
\par
\b To play an Age of Kings 2.0 recorded game:\par
\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 1.\tab In the \b Program Files\\Microsoft Games\\Age of Empires II\b0  folder (or wherever you installed the game), create an \b Age2\b0  folder.\par
2.\tab Copy the following files from your Age of Kings 2.0 disc to the new \b Age2\b0  folder:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720 00000409.016\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}00000409.256\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CLCD16.DLL\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CLCD32.DLL\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CLOKSPL.EXE\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DPLAYERX.DLL\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DRVMGT.DLL\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EMPIRES2.EXE (from the \b Game\b0  folder on the disc)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EMPIRES2.ICD (from the \b Game\b0  folder on the disc)\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360 3.\tab Create a shortcut to \b Program Files\\Microsoft Games\\Age of Empires II\\Age2\\Empires2.EXE\b0 , with the \b Start In\b0  folder set to \b Program Files\\Microsoft Games\\Age of Empires II\b0 .\par
4.\tab Start Age of Kings 2.0 using the new shortcut, then play the Age of Kings 2.0 recorded game.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\s1\b\fs32 B. Balance Changes\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard\tx360\b Town Center Changes\b0  - The following changes have been made to the Town Center:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360 The resource cost to build a Town Center has been increased by 100 stone.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The time to build a Town Center has been increased.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Missile technologies available at the Blacksmith (Fletching, Bodkin Arrow, and Bracer) no longer increase the range of the Town Center.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For the Teutons, the Town Center no longer has increased range.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For the Britons, the 50% decrease in the cost to build a Town Center now applies only to wood, and this reduction in wood cost is not available until Castle Age.\par
\pard\par
\pard\keepn\s1\b\fs32 C. Enhancements\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Single-Player Performance Improvements\b0  - The performance of single-player campaign games has been improved, especially on lower-end computers.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Limited Pauses\b0  - The total number of pauses available to each player in a multiplayer game is now limited. The total number of pauses remaining is displayed each time the game is paused.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Display Name of Out of Sync Player\b0  - In a multiplayer game with three or more players, if a player goes out of sync, that player's name is displayed in the out of sync message on all computers.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard\keepn\s1\b\fs32 D. Bug Fixes\par
\pard\b0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Stability Improvements\b0  - A number of crashes and multiplayer out of sync bugs have been fixed, resulting in improved game stability.\par
\pard\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Computer Player Resigning Bug\b0  - The computer player will no longer resign after a few minutes of play. (Previously available in the AI Update.)\par
\pard\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Fish Trap Bug\b0  - You can no longer build a Fish Trap on top of an existing fish resource.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Fishing Ship Bug\b0  - You can no longer use a Fishing Ship to construct buildings other than a Fish Trap.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Flare and Waypoint Bug\b0  - The game no longer crashes when you set a flare or waypoint location at the very Southern-most point on the map.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Cooperative Farming Bug\b0  - When you take over a Farm foundation built by an ally, you can no longer extract more than the standard amount of food from that Farm. \par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Farming on Forest Bug\b0  - You can no longer build a Farm or Wall on top of a partially cut section of forest.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Unit Ignoring Orders Bug\b0  - Units no longer ignore orders under some circumstances.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Multiplayer Restore From Zone Bug\b0  - The ability to save and restore a disconnected or out of sync multiplayer game on the Zone has been improved.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Foundation Outline Bug\b0  - Building foundations now have outlines, so you can now click on them when they are behind trees or other objects.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Trebuchet Firing Bug\b0  - Trebuchets no longer miss targets that are on a different elevation.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Single-Player Campaign After Regicide Bug\b0  - A single-player game will no longer automatically end immediately after a multiplayer game of Regicide was played.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Computer Player Bugs\b0  - The behavior of the computer player in multiplayer games has been improved.\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\tx360\b Scenario Editor Bugs\b0  - A number of Scenario Editor bugs have been fixed.\par
\pard\b\par
\pard\keepn\s1\fs32 E. Uninstalling Age of Kings 2.0a\par
\pard\fs20\par
To uninstall Age of Kings 2.0a and revert to Age of Kings 2.0:\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\tx360\b0 1.\tab From the \b Start \b0 menu, choose \b Programs \b0 -> \b Microsoft Games \b0 -> \b Age of Empires II \b0 -> \b Uninstall Age of Empires II\b0 . When Setup asks if you want to delete all user-created files, it is recommended that you choose \b No\b0 .\par
2.\tab Install version 2.0 from the Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings 2.0 disc.\par
\pard\par
\b\fs32\par
}
 